welcome to Malaysia kitchen Australia
I'm MK reporter and I'm here with our
ambassador
Alvin POIs welcome Alvin good to see you
again now tell me what are we cooking
today we're making a seafood lobster so
from scratch
yeah that's like really hard work no
this is this is really easy all my stuff
all my recipes are really easy it's all
about getting the right balance the
right ingredients and you're ready to go
in
well Aussies love our seafood so I'm
really looking forward to this a seafood
lapsim I won't get anyway great guy
let's do it so we're going to start
making my lot so today is a seafood
lover let's start making the paste from
scratch so we've got some garlic and
ginger
so all it goes into the food process and
we've got some candlenuts here now
that's been soaking in water for a bit
just to soften in a little bit now can
all not serve really good for Luxor's
they give it that creaminess into it
like we can't find kettle nuts try
harder but if you really can't find
kettle nuts that you can use macadamias
as well so nice and Australian so we can
actually add some we're going to add
some chopped onions so this is just
roughly chopped so they're all just
going to go in there some small birds
are chilly so these are I'm leaving the
seeds on because we like spicy food so
we're gonna check going we've got some
dried shrimp as well now dried shrimp
again seafood luxord lots of paste
itself is actually very it's just an
intense seafood paste so we're going to
add the dried shrimp we're going to add
some turmeric powder so this gives you
that color
about a teaspoon we're going to add some
lime rind this gives it that lovely sort
of fresh citrusy flavor
now Vietnamese mint so we got we need a
like a good bunch about a tablespoon now
we've got it at the shrimp paste now we
only go to add 1 teaspoon so we're not
going to add the whole block now this if
you want to you can actually toast them
fairly gently on the flame so that gives
it that extra sort of toastiness but you
don't have to we've also got some
coriander powder also a teaspoon we're
going to add in I think that's all so
we're going to put a little bit of oil
to lubricate it and then we're going to
grind it all together and that's going
to be our pace
we can start making the Lancer so just
about a tablespoon now I'm going to
start whizzing now we're just going to
tip this prawn heads in there so it
smells nice instead of pointing now you
can see it slowly changes color to this
nice sort of orangey sort of gold sort
of prawn oil and that's what you want so
there'll be a lot of splattering so your
kid try this at home do down the adult
supervision
so that's well done with hair now and
this is a great way if you don't eat the
heads this is a great way to actually
use it you know like I saw we're talking
about sustainable eating these days and
we want to use the Beast
you know from head to toe so why not use
the prawn heads as well so at the pace
now that's smelling really good if you
need to add a little bit more oil but
this is fine for me and once you get
that lovely sort of fragrance you can
actually start adding your stop now the
stop that I'm actually using it's
actually a combination of chicken stock
and fish stock I love this stuff it
actually gives it again it's a seafood
luxr so go with if it's a chicken like
so then use old chicken stock but it's a
combination so it's a total of one liter
so I'm going to add them in so once it
starts to come to boil you can actually
add the coconut cream so we'll do that
now this variations of lotsa so that's
like the the health-conscious latter
which everyone uses you know light cream
you know like the 70% less fat yeah like
I I love like what's the point of having
lotsa when it's going to be fat-free
you're not going to eat this every day
unless you're in Malaysia trust me we
eat this for breakfast so we're going to
bring that to boil as well and then once
that comes to boil we'll start adding
all the other ingredients so the prawns
the fish balls the tofu paths but now is
when the balancing sort of starts so you
want to taste it now if you taste it
right now it's going to be fairly it's
going to be fairly creamy and it's going
to be fairly you know kind of raw so
it's not ready yet so this is when you
start adding little bits and pieces so
you add by splashing a couple of drops
of fish sauce when a couple I mean you
know about a minute
of splashing so we can add a bit of
sugar to flavor that and then we're
going to squeeze some lime juice in just
be sitting there
so the idea is you want to find a
balance so when you're actually
flavoring you kind of need to sort of go
okay that needs a bit more fish sauce so
that needs a bit more salt now then
we're going to add the prawns in righto
so once that's in we're going to add the
balls fish balls and the tofu puffs as
well so we're ready to play it up that's
sort of nice and percolating away so
we've got our lovely bowl of vermicelli
here we're going to top it with a little
bit of bean sprouts and then we're going
to start scooping all these lovely look
at that so we want to start with maybe
some tofu puffs we'll just put it there
so have some fish balls as well a couple
of prawns and then we're going to spoon
the soup over that
now then we're going to top it with a
little bit of coriander and it's lots if
you do want for bit more contrast we can
add a bit all sprouts so there you go
how easy is that
seafood lotsa alvin style mmm i followed
my nose and look what i found
always ready for the taste where's mine
to try some amazing Malaysian cuisine
make sure you head to your local
Malaysian restaurant or restaurants
listed on Malaysia kitchen comm day you
and he can keep up with all the action
on our Facebook page facebook.com /mk
insiders don't forget to visit us at the
sydney good food & wine show and the
perth good food & wine show in july see
you then